Update generated code (#1349)
async-aws/aws: src/Service/Kinesis/CHANGELOG.md

## NOT RELEASED

### Added

> - AWS api-change: Added StreamARN parameter for Kinesis Data Streams APIs. Added a new opaque pagination token for ListStreams. SDKs will auto-generate Account Endpoint when accessing Kinesis Data Streams.
> - AWS api-change: Amazon Kinesis Data Streams now supports on demand streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS api-change: Added StreamARN parameter for Kinesis Data Streams APIs. Added a new opaque pagination token for ListStreams. SDKs will auto-generate Account Endpoint when accessing Kinesis Data Streams.
- BC BREAK: `listStreams` now yield over stream names AND descriptions
```

@Nyholm From a DX point of view, I wonder if yielding over both make sense :thinking: 

See documentation of operation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kinesis/latest/APIReference/API_ListStreams.html
